From: "Staves ,Ms Jennifer" <J.Staves@wellcome.ac.uk>
Date: 17 March 2006 16:22:39 GMT
To: <tom@flymine.org>
Subject: FW: Logo request



Hi Tom,

Many thanks for your email.  Unfortunately we are not able to offer you our old corporate logo as it is no longer in use.  Please ensure that any use of the WT logo henceforth is with the new logo.  I've attached below high quality .eps and .tif logos for you to make use of.  Should other formats of logo be preferable in the future, please contact me here and I will supply accordingly. 

I am also supplying the Wellcome Trust corporate identity guidelines for you to refer to with regard to design and placement etc. of the logo.

However, it is probably simpler to just let you know that we require an equivalent amount or area around our logo as its actual size when it is used - by that I mean if the logo font size of it is point 12, then we would like a clear area all the way around it of point 12.  With regard to placement, we require that if other organisations' logos are appearing alongside ours, that ours be on the right-hand most side of grouped logos, and if possible at the bottom.  Hopefully that is relatively clear and not too confusing.

Please ensure that proofs of any pages/materials using the Wellcome Trust logo are forwarded to me, prior to press or circulation, to forward to our designers to approve.  This will only be a quick once-over to ensure the logo appears as it should in accordance with the Wellcome Trust corporate identity guidelines, and should be turned around for you almost immediately upon receipt.

Any subsequent use of this logo always requires additional requests for approval.

I hope this is helpful and if you should have any questions or difficulties, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Kind regards

Jennifer

-- 
Jennifer Staves 
Publishing Department Administrator
Publishing Group 
The Wellcome Trust 
215 Euston Road 
London, NW1 2BE 

t:  +44 (0)20 7611 7258
f:  +44 (0)20 7611 8242
e:  j.staves@wellcome.ac.uk
w: http://www.wellcome.ac.uk

The Wellcome Trust is a registered charity, no. 210183.
Its sole Trustee is The Wellcome Trust Limited,
a company registered in England,
no. 2711000, whose registered office is
215 Euston Road, London NW1 2BE.


     